src/static_libs/libunibreak/README.md, before:

LIBUNIBREAK
===========

Overview
--------

This is the README file for libunibreak, an implementation of the line
breaking and word breaking algorithms as described in [Unicode Standard
Annex 14] [1] and [Unicode Standard Annex 29] [2].  Check the project's
[home page] [3] for up-to-date information.

  [1]: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr14/tr14-30.html
  [2]: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr29/tr29-21.html
  [3]: https://github.com/adah1972/libunibreak


Licence
-------

This library is released under an open-source licence, the zlib/libpng
licence.  Please check the file *LICENCE* for details.

Apart from using the algorithm, part of the code is derived from the
[Unicode Public Data] [4], and the [Unicode Terms of Use] [5] may apply.

  [4]: http://www.unicode.org/Public/
  [5]: http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html


Installation
------------

There are three ways to build the library:

1. On \*NIX systems supported by the autoconfiscation tools, do the
   normal

        ./configure
        make
        sudo make install

   to build and install both the dynamic and static libraries.  In
   addition, one may
   - type `make doc` to generate the doxygen documentation; or
   - type `make linebreakdata` to regenerate *linebreakdata.c* from
     *LineBreak.txt*.
   - type `make wordbreakdata` to regenerate *wordbreakdata.c* from
     *WordBreakProperty.txt*.

2. On systems where GCC and Binutils are supported, one can type

        cd src
        cp -p Makefile.gcc Makefile
        make

   to build the static library.  In addition, one may
   - type `make debug` or `make release` to explicitly generate the
     debug or release build;
   - type `make doc` to generate the doxygen documentation; or
   - type `make linebreakdata` to regenerate *linebreakdata.c* from
     *LineBreak.txt*.
   - type `make wordbreakdata` to regenerate *wordbreakdata.c* from
     *WordBreakProperty.txt*.

3. On Windows, apart from using method 1 (Cygwin/MSYS) and method 2
   (MinGW), MSVC can also be used.  Type

        cd src
        nmake -f Makefile.msvc

   to build the static library.  By default the debug release is built.
   To build the release version

        nmake -f Makefile.msvc CFG="libunibreak - Win32 Release"


Documentation
-------------

Check the generated document *doc/html/linebreak\_8h.html* and
*doc/html/wordbreak\_8h.html* in the downloaded file for the public
interfaces exposed to applications.


<!--
vim:autoindent:expandtab:formatoptions=tcqlmn:textwidth=72:
-->

Commit message:

evas textblock: add/apply cursor cluster APIs based on grapheme cluster
Summary:
Add a feature for moving cursor over a grapheme cluster.
It is applied to edje_entry.c and elm_entry.c for improving
cursor handling just like other modern text editors. ex) gedit
The patch on Evas needs to update libunibreak library.
So, the patch will update libunibreak, too.
@feature

Test Plan:
1. Put "ഹലോ" in your entry.
2. Your cursor can reach at the end of text from the beginning
   only in 2 right key event with this feature.

Reviewers: raster, cedric, jpeg, herdsman, zmike, devilhorns

Reviewed By: herdsman, zmike

Subscribers: #reviewers, #committers, zmike, bowonryu, woohyun

Tags: #efl

Differential Revision: https://phab.enlightenment.org/D5490

Change-Id: I6f5a817bd946ae029bf7a081343174847d8c09fb

src/static_libs/libunibreak/README.md, after:

LIBUNIBREAK
===========

Overview
--------

This is the README file for libunibreak, an implementation of the line
breaking and word breaking algorithms as described in [Unicode Standard
Annex 14] [1] and [Unicode Standard Annex 29] [2].  Check the project's
[home page] [3] for up-to-date information.

  [1]: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr14/tr14-37.html
  [2]: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr29/tr29-29.html
  [3]: https://github.com/adah1972/libunibreak


Licence
-------

This library is released under an open-source licence, the zlib/libpng
licence.  Please check the file *LICENCE* for details.

Apart from using the algorithm, part of the code is derived from the
[Unicode Public Data] [4], and the [Unicode Terms of Use] [5] may apply.

  [4]: http://www.unicode.org/Public/
  [5]: http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html


Installation
------------

There are three ways to build the library:

1. On \*NIX systems supported by the autoconfiscation tools, do the
   normal

        ./configure
        make
        sudo make install

   to build and install both the dynamic and static libraries.  In
   addition, one may
   - type `make doc` to generate the doxygen documentation; or
   - type `make linebreakdata` to regenerate *linebreakdata.c* from
     *LineBreak.txt*.
   - type `make wordbreakdata` to regenerate *wordbreakdata.c* from
     *WordBreakProperty.txt*.
   - type `make graphemebreakdata` to regenerate *graphemebreakdata.c*
     from *GraphemeBreakProperty.txt*.

2. On systems where GCC and Binutils are supported, one can type

        cd src
        cp -p Makefile.gcc Makefile
        make

   to build the static library.  In addition, one may
   - type `make debug` or `make release` to explicitly generate the
     debug or release build;
   - type `make doc` to generate the doxygen documentation; or
   - type `make linebreakdata` to regenerate *linebreakdata.c* from
     *LineBreak.txt*.
   - type `make wordbreakdata` to regenerate *wordbreakdata.c* from
     *WordBreakProperty.txt*.
   - type `make graphemebreakdata` to regenerate *graphemebreakdata.c*
     from *GraphemeBreakProperty.txt*.

3. On Windows, apart from using method 1 (Cygwin/MSYS) and method 2
   (MinGW), MSVC can also be used.  Type

        cd src
        nmake -f Makefile.msvc

   to build the static library.  By default the debug release is built.
   To build the release version

        nmake -f Makefile.msvc CFG="libunibreak - Win32 Release"


Documentation
-------------

Check the generated document *doc/html/linebreak\_8h.html*,
*doc/html/wordbreak\_8h.html*, and *doc/html/graphemebreak\_8h.html* in
the downloaded file for the public interfaces exposed to applications.


<!--
vim:autoindent:expandtab:formatoptions=tcqlmn:textwidth=72:
-->
